storage docs: add detail about GCS policies and testing (#1037)
improbable-eng/thanos: docs/storage.md

### GCS Policies

__Note:__ GCS Policies should be applied at the project level, not at the bucket level

For deployment:

`Storage Object Creator` and `Storage Object Viewer`

For testing:

`Storage Object Admin` for ability to create and delete temporary buckets.

To test the policy is working as expected, exec into the sidecar container, eg:

```sh

> kubectl exec -it -n monitoring prometheus-prometheus-operator-prometheus-0 -c thanos-sidecar -- /bin/sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl exec -it -n monitoring <prometheus with sidecar pod name>  -c <sidecar container name> -- /bin/sh
```

Author: good point, have removed the hardcoded values, including the namespace
